hey everybody ola AK Chuck one here with
a minecraft video gasp yes but I've been
trying to install a couple of mods now i
don't play minecraft that much cadets
lie but i don't get into the mods very
much so this is my first experience with
mods and the reason i'm doing this video
is because i had a hell of a time trying
to get these installed turns out it's
actually really simple but the problem
is there were old instructions wrong
instructions that probably apply to
previous versions of Minecraft so I
figured you know what this is the
instructions right here the steps to
follow to get minecraft forge installed
and the mini-map rei's minimap as well
as the backpack mod those are the three
things that I wanted to accomplish and
this is how I did it they hold a big
download links in the description below
I've already downloaded these three
files and I've put them in this folder
here and i have a brand new clean
installation of minecraft we're all I've
done is logged in and created a
single-player world so I can show you
first thing that you want to do to get
there is if you hit the start button and
then type in % app data this will open
up your app data folder you'll see right
at the top the dot minecraft folder this
is where you want to go into you don't
actually have to do anything with this a
lot of the instructions where we won't
go in here and do stuff and open up jar
files and all that nope don't need to do
that well put this aside for the moment
we stick it over there now my folder
here where have things download it you
know start with the minecraft forge
installer its dot jar file you don't
think you can double click on a book
guess what you double click on it it
already knows where it's going to go
that's the folder so when you didn't
mess with your minecraft stuff which you
didn't click OK goes through done ok so
now when we launch minecraft you will
notice that there is a new profile up
here you're going to want to choose that
the forge profile login with your
username and password this is just your
minecraft username and password
when you click play it's going to do a
couple things it's going to actually add
some files to your Minecraft folder
which you don't care about it's just
going to launch the game and you're
going to notice right here it tells you
that minecraft forge is loaded it also
lists some of the default mods these
just come with that that's it that's all
that you need to do for this by itself
doesn't do anything you can quit out of
there now the question to actually get
these two mods the mini map and the
backpack installed again it couldn't be
any simpler it copy both the zip files
you don't even extract them you just
take the zip files as they are and you
paste them into the mods folder
underneath your Minecraft folder paste
them their load the launcher again log
into your Forge profile and with a
little bit of luck and no magic at all
once you get into the game it should now
tell you that oh look at that 5 mods are
loaded 5 are active if you look at the
list there's the mini-map there's the
backpack done load into your single
player or multiplayer game and in a
second we should see a mini-map and at
oh my God look at that it worked it's a
mini map I'm not going to show you how
to actually make the backpacks they
explained it on the website you just
have to get some leather and crafted
into a variety of backpacks that's it
that's all there was to it and I
literally spent the last two hours and I
was just about ready to give up so
hopefully this helped you out and I'm
not gonna go punch this sheep
you